Are you pregnant?
No, I'm not pregnant. I've always wanted to have a child, so...
You see, that's what I'm talking about.
We're upstairs, and you're telling me not to touch you,
and then we're down here, and you're taking fertility medication.
It doesn't make any sense.
Everything that you're doing, it's fucking with my head.
Do you understand? I can't fucking keep up with you.
Take this.
Does it?
It's birth control, take it.
No. No. No, I'm not taking that.
You take the pill.
No.
You don't have a right to refuse me.
Take the fucking medicine.
Take it.
Take the pill.
Drink.
Swallow it.
Where are you going?
No.
I won't let him hurt my baby.
I must protect my child at all costs.
Thank God I threw up those pills.